add new articles and updated product descriptions (#823)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: operate/view-configure-system-parameters.mdx

| max\_concurrent\_creating\_streaming\_jobs | The maximum number of streaming jobs that can be created concurrently. That is, the maximum of materialized views, indexes, tables, sinks, or sources that can be created concurrently.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

> | pause\_on\_next\_bootstrap                 | This parameter is used for debugging and maintenance purposes. Setting it to true will pause all data sources, such as connectors and DMLs, when the cluster restarts. This parameter will then be reset to its default value (false). To resume data ingestion, simply run `risectl meta resume` or restart the cluster again. Using `RECOVER` to trigger adhoc recovery will not resume the cluster.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pause\_on\_next\_bootstrap                 | This parameter is used for debugging and maintenance purposes. Setting it to true will pause all data sources, such as connectors and DMLs, when the cluster restarts. This parameter will then be reset to its default value (false). To resume data ingestion, simply run `risectl meta resume` or restart the cluster again. Using `RECOVER` to trigger ad hoc recovery will not resume the cluster.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```
